Post_BI_define
the computational manipulation and analysis of biological data, often sequences.
the study of an individual organism, species, population, or community through analysis of genetic make-up
biology but with sequences and stuff
taking large amounts of sequence data and relating to the organisms present in the sample and making a conclusion about the data (species present or not present, number of species present, etc.)
the use of computer technology to analyze acquired data.
NA
studying biology using and interpreting  data and using databases
s is the analysis of data to understand a biological system. an example of s is the analysis of genomic data collected from a sample that can be used to determine the microbial composition of the community from which the sapmle was taken.
using computing to understand biological data
using statistics for applications in biology.
the representation of biological data.
s is the use of software/codes to analyze scientific data.
manipulation of biological data to extrapolate different feature from that data (e.g alpha diversity)
data science applied to biology.
the use of programs/technology/tools to study and analyze biological communities (i.e. microbes - gaining information/insights)
the use of online programs to identify and understand information from genomic data
informatics related to bio
using software to understand biological data
using data science on genetics and stuff like that
analyzing biological data using computer science and statistics
analyzing genome sequences to identify relationships between samples
an interdisciplinary field that develops methods and software tools for understanding biological data
use of software tools to help with science
using software to interpret collected numerical data.
using data science to represent biological information.
using computer analysis to find out more information about a given set of biological data.
technique used to analyze data recorded in biology related study
using programs/software to understand and interpret large data sets in the field of biology.
using data science to analyze data from the biological sciences
using data science to make sense out of biological data.
using biological data to extract conclusions
analyzing dna code.
the use of computational program to analyze and solve biological science related problems.
data science wrt the field of biology, specifically problems that involve lots of information where it's only possible to do efficiently with computers
analysis of large swaths of biological data through computing
using computer software to analyze biological data.
using defined equations and programs to generate outcomes that make use of biological data and provide further information on the acquired data.
s is an interdisciplinary field that develops methods and software tools for understanding biological data. as an interdisciplinary field of science, s combines computer science, biology, mathematics, and engineering to analyze and interpret biological data.
similar to data science, but with a focus on biology, and in particular, the genome and other things at a molecular scale - such as protein folding, function analysis, etc.
NA
in order to present the science data, s is required.
use of computers to deal with data that human's couldn't deal with by themselves.
NA
getting information from biological data using certain methods (like using software)
using software to analyze biological data
the discipline of analysing and inferring trends from data.
a study of biological phenomena using computer software
the interpretation of biological data for research
analyais of biological sequencing using computational tools
the same as data science
analyzing biological communities through the means of statistical and computational programs to deduce population or species information.
using software and computer programs to analyze and interpret biological data.
NA
computer used analysis of data
genome sequencing, calculating the microbial diversity of a specific community
use of computer programs and other methods to interpret biological data
the study of how to handle large amounts of biological information and use it in a meaningful way to draw conclusions.
s is a way of analyzing data obtained from biological studies; we interpret data using software, statistics, programs, algorithms etc.
the study of biological data
the study of biological data
NA
as above
s is the study of biological numerical analysis.
using data and statistics to make predictions about biology, and using statistics to analyze biological data.
part of data science
using computer programming to perform calculation on biological system (combination of biology, computer science, engineering and statistics)
the process of gathering and analyzing biological data such as genes.
developing and using computer softwares/tools to analyze biological data
using computer science to process data, in order to extract information related to biology
the field of study that uses computational tools, statistics to extract and analyze biological data.
use data science method to analyze biological, genetical information
using computational technologies to help parse and make sense of large quantities of biological data.
NA
using data science to analyze biological data
data science in biology.
NA
use of computer programming to help understand biological data
the use of technology and processes to interpret biological data.
NA
using computer programming to analyze biological data
analyzing biological data
study of biological data (genome sequencing)
a type of data science focussing on the analysis of biological data. often used in the field of genomics.
analysis of biological data with an attempt to organize and understand organisms.
s refers to the field of science that use computer programming to understand data, create models and solve problems related to the biological field.
the use of technological tools and programs to analyze biological data.
combination between data science and biology
analysis of information relating to biology that uses computer programming.
NA
the study and analysis of information collected within the life sciences
the use of databases and statistical tests in research contexts to answer questions and make predictions about biological data.
protein data science
it is the collection and analysis of biochemical and biological information, predominantly related to molecular genetics, using various computer software.
the application of statistics and data science to biological samples; used to analyze large quantity of data and modeling characteristics ranging from enzyme structure to
NA
"having stemmed out of classical computational biology, s is referred to as the direct and indirect application of super sophisticated programming, coding and software platforms to solve biochemical, genomic and proteomic and in general ""bio-interactomics"" problems. it encompasses many methodologies from 3d-structure simulations to reconstructions of genomic maps."
statistics of biology
NA
using software tools to analyze biological systems
s is the use of computer systems to do biological studies
analysis of biological processes using computer programming
analyzing a large amount of biological data such as dna sequences.
the analysis and interpretation of biologically-derived data sets.
the use of data science to extract knowledge from biological data.
s is the study of data within a biological context.
NA
s is the use of computerized systems to gather information through databases.
using scientific methods to extract information from biological data
biological studies using computer programming and data science as part of their methodology
use of software for understanding biological data
gathering and studying data relating to biology
a subset of data science which works with biological data.
when we collect data about biological sytem and use computer to analyze them
using computer tools (softwares, programming) to solve biology problems. i usually think of genomic analyses.
utilizing computers/tools to allow for the statistical analysis of scientific data.
computing science used to be able to categorize lots of data
the use of computer programming to analyse biological data.
analyzing sequences to determine relationships between organisms
s is using coding languages to help interpret biological data.
use of computer science to analyze biological data
it is the science of collecting, organizing and analyzing biological data (such as sequences)
using data science methods to solve biology related problems
NA
s is the interpretation and analysis of biological information.
analyzing biological data using computer science tools
it is a field of statistics that uses algorithms and computational tools to get genomic information
similar to above, but with a focus on data originating from life science applications
analyzing biological data
use of computer programming to analyze biological data
the use of computer software and different tools of analysis (like statistical tests) that aid in the extrapolating of data from data science.
collecting and analyzing biological data
the use of technology in order to analyze biological information.
it's the saving of biological data in the form of online databases
the science of collecting, organizing, and interpreting data from biological systems.  s can also be used for making models and predictions.
stats from experiments
the manipulation of data for uses in the biological sciences
s is using the large/complex amounts of data organized with computational tools and relating the data to understand more about biological concepts like mechanisms, organisms or composition of an environment.
s is a collection and storage of analysis that is specific to biology such as the genome and molecular genetics
the use of computer programming to build software and methods to analyze biological data
analysis of biological data and making sense of it
s is the collection and analysis of large amounts of complex scientific data
using statistics to manipulate biological data to draw conclusions
using quantitative data to gather information about different biology-related topics.
dealing with biology-related content using computers.
using data gathered from experiments to draw conclusions for that experiment
it is the storage and analysis of biological data
s develops methods and software tools for understanding biological data.
using data, computer science and biological context to answer questions.
NA
the science of collecting and analyzing complex biological data such as genetic codes.
combined field of biology and data science?
usage of computer programs to interpret data.
s is a field that collects, classifies and analyzes data through the development of scientific tools and statistical tests (that is able to analyze genomic sequences, for example).
NA
the use of computational software to perform statistical or other analytical tests making it a rapid process to observe much larger datasets.
an interdisciplinary field that develops methods and software tools for understanding biological data
using computer programming to analyze data
similar to data science. using in silico approaches to data analysis.
the same way i would define data science, i still don't know what the difference is. information related to biology?
using computer programming to analyze data gathered in biological experiments
the collection and analysis of complex data
it is an interdisciplinary field that develops methods and software tools for understanding biological data.
using various disciplines of science and computing to better understand biological data
interdisciplinary that involves data analysis and computer skills
to analyze data.
s means analyzing biological data sets
a field of science that uses computer programs to specifically focus on biology.
s is essentially data science in the context of biology. it combines biology and computer science to extract information from data, like dna sequences, to solve problems.
data science, but analyzing data directly involved in biological fields
s is using databases to organize and process data, and gain information from this data.
science of biological data
applications of data science to biology
using techonology to experiment with and research into science.
information like data on genes (and -omics like proteomics, genomic, etc.) information collected from technological or computer advances
data collected using computers and technology on/related to biology. ie. using genomics, preoteomics, metabolomics, etc.
collecting and analyzing biological data
use of coding and computer science to manipulate and work with collected data in order to come to a conclusion
the science of collecting and analyzing complex biological data such as genetic codes.
using computer applications to help understand/research biological events
developing software or programs that helps us interpret the significance of data.
NA
a form of data science specifically in the field of biology.
the science of collecting and analyzing complex biological data such as genetic codes.
analysis of large amounts of data, grouped by some characteristic, relating to some aspect of biology like genetics or population statistics.
analysing biological data eg. genetic codes
statistics
use of statistics to study biological data
